shopkeeper
He's a little guy after all
He doesn't have that much courage. I can fly.
I can live forever
Who says I can't pull it out?
It's time to wake up that lost memory
He really pulled it out
What if you pull it out?
He's all gone.
How is that possible?
Pull out the big cage bird
How could there be no response at all?
Hahahaha because he is an impostor.
Prince Tang took out the Excalibur Dragon and couldn't go for a moment
But it will be reflected by the sword
Blade and Soul
I will not let go of anyone who falls into the sword
How could this be?
Could it be that he is really not the owner of the temple?
Subversion
Humans are invincible
We can be brave enough to promise
Uncle, I don't want you to cook Ruoxi
Watch him. He's going to die.
At that time, you and the emperor will still be a couple
Is that possible? Oh, what do you care about that little bastard?
That's not right.
I Am Him
How is that possible?